In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
-Master, are you ok?
-She's here.
Hello, Ladybug.
I know you never wanted me
to bring her here again,
but you must see what she discovered!
-Show him, Marinette!
-I've been here.
I've met you before.
You're the healer
that cured Tikki when you was sick!
So, I'm guessing you're not really a vet?
Not really.
That was your first day of school.
It wasn't a chance meeting either.
Marinette,
you're always ready to help others!
I knew that day, that very moment,
that you'd make a fantastic Ladybug.
But... who are you?
Master Fu is the last known member
of the Order of the Guardians!
Guardians of the Miraculous.
I'm Wayzz, Master Fu's Kwami.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Uh... you too.
We are responsible for protecting
and distributing the Miraculous,
for the good of all humanity.
We are chosen in childhood
and trained for years,
specially for this mission.
When we were much, much younger,
we... I made a mistake.
The Guardians' Temple was destroyed,
all because of me.
Two of the Miraculous were lost that day,
the butterfly and the peacock.
Also gone forever
was the ancient spell book.
But all it has
are drawings of old superheroes
and a bunch of strange symbols!
Not strange to a Guardian.
Back in the days, I was never given
the opportunity to even have a look at it.
But I've been taught enough to be able
to partially decipher the code.
These pages contain various spells
capable of giving Ladybug and Cat Noir
special abilities
we haven't known about until now.
Obviously, this book is invaluable.
-Why did you take the book?
-I... I just wanted to know
what you were hiding
that was so important.
You... you never told me
about those things.
I was intending to give it back to you,
I swear, but then... I lost it.
How can I possibly trust you again,
Adrien?
-I'm sorry. I'll get you another copy.
-It's one of a kind!
The book's the source of my inspiration.
I didn't know that. I hardly know
anything about you, Father.
You won't be returning to school.
You'll be homeschooled again,
with Nathalie.
I've always believed that
whoever possessed this spell book
must also have the peacock
and the butterfly Miraculous.
Wait a sec. You mean, whoever owned
the spell book could be Hawk Moth?
How did you discover this book, Marinette?
I... uh...
I found it lying on a bench in a park,
close to... close to the school.
-You didn't see who it belonged to, then?
-No. No, I didn't.
What a shame.
I thought we were about to discover
the identity of Hawk Moth!
-We'd have had a chance to defeat him.
-Uh...
I could investigate if you want.
But you must be very careful, Marinette.
If you succeed,
you may well find yourself
face to face with Hawk Moth.
I'll be very careful, I promise.
-Why did you lie to Master Fu?
-I couldn't tell him Adrien
was the one who had the book.
Adrien can't be Hawk Moth!
But what if he is? It would mean
I'm crazy in love with a supervillain!
I can't be in love with a villain!
I'd have to fight him!
Calm down, Marinette.
I'm sure there is an explanation.
I need to get to the bottom of this.
Do you know where to find Adrien?
I know that boy's schedule by heart!
Let's go!
I don't see him. Something's up!
Adrien never misses his fencing lessons.
Oh, no! This is a terrible tragedy!
-What's up with her?
-Adrien's never coming back to school,
ever!
[sobs]
-His dad grounded him!
-For life.
-What? Why?
-Something about losing
this book that belongs to his dad.
His dad? Ha! Phew!
-Phew?
-Phew... 'cause I...
I was scared it was super serious!
I mean, yeah, sure, it really is serious,
but it's not like he's sick or anything.
Surely we can fix this, right?
We won't just stand by
and let this happen!
So it wasn't Adrien's book.
It was his father's!
Adrien isn't Hawk Moth! Oh, I knew it!
Adrien doesn't have
an evil bone in his body!
Except Adrien did take the book
without his father's permission!
Well, he must have had
a good reason to do it.
You realise, based on Master Fu's theory,
Adrien's father could be Hawk Moth.
No way! It couldn't be!
Hmm... An eccentric artist,
who never leaves his home.
Mysterious, very intelligent, but cold,
even with his own son.
[gasps]
This is a very strong lead, Tikki!
-Please be careful, Marinette.
-I will.
Tikki... spots on! Ha!
Has the cat got your tongue?
Leave a message!
Cat Noir, I think I know who Hawk Moth is!
Get your whiskers over here fast!
What will you do without the book?
You know where this goes.
Hmm.
[crashing continues]
[music playing]
Look on the bright side. Your father
could have found out about me!
It's a good thing
we Kwamis can never be photographed!
Photographers have no idea
what they're missing!
I must find that book or I'll never
be allowed to return to school.
Return to school? Are you crazy?
No more homework, no more alarm clocks!
We should be celebrating! Hey, I know...
I named this piece El Plaggo.
It's been maturing for 999 days.
[crashing sounds]
Oh!
What was that?
Your father is very busy.
Shouldn't Adrien be practising
his piano right now?
I feel the wrath of a father
betrayed by his son!
What perfect prey for my akuma!
Stay close, my little akuma.
Dark wings fall!
Uh... Why is the akuma still here?
I must become someone else
to lead them astray.
I don't understand, Master.
Nooroo, I renounce you.
What?
Temporarily.
Come to me, my little akuma,
and evilise me!
I am now... The Collector!
My book of inspiration
has been taken from me.
So I shall build a new one
and perhaps pick up
a Miraculous or two while I'm at it.
[evil laugh]
My father is angry because of me.
He won't forgive me till I find that book.
May I remind you
that you are actually grounded?
Adrien is, but Cat Noir isn't.
Plagg... claws out!
Oh, my!
Cat Noir, I think I know who Hawk Moth is!
Get your whiskers over here fast!
Wow! I guess the spell book
will have to wait a bit longer!
Nathalie, you will be the first
of my many inspirations to come.
-Mister Agreste?
-You will call me The Collector!
Adrien, I have a great collection
I want to show you.
Grr!
Cheese!
[screaming]
Show me the news. It's just the news!
I'm Nadja Chamack--
Since the book
that filled my life is gone,
I'm going to use your life
to fill up this new one!
People of Paris...
Nothing could inspire me more
than imprisoning Ladybug and Cat Noir
in these pages forever!
[groans]
Cat Noir, what did you do?
Cat Noir, did you get my messages?
Yeah. And I can't wait to know more,
M'ladytective! So, who's the suspect?
Gabriel Agreste.
You know, the fashion designer.
-You got proof?
-Uh... Um... I can't tell you.
So, I'm supposed to just accept that?
You must trust me on this.
But it all makes sense!
Gabriel Agreste is a secretive man
and he never leaves his house.
And get this. Check out his brand's logo.
A butterfly?
You OK, Cat Noir?
It's time to get to the bottom of this.
My plan is working perfectly.
Whoa! What happened here? Looks like
somebody had a little tantrum!
Are you sure you're OK?
Yeah. Yeah, let's keep going.
Ah! He's got a son! Let's check his room,
make sure nothing's happened to him!
-Where's Gabriel?
-There is no more Gabriel!
There is only... The Collector!
You won't be able to escape!
Wait!
Nice piece, wouldn't you agree?
The akuma's gotta be in that book!
Yeah, but if we touch it, we'll disappear!
Lucky Charm!
A pedal?
I have no idea what to do with this!
We need to stall him.
Ladybug and Cat Noir,
you shall be the masterpieces
in my new book of inspiration!
-My collection's growing!
-No!
So that must mean Gabriel Agreste
can't possibly be Hawk Moth.
-He's been akumatized.
-You call Agreste
turning into The Collector good news?
-Gabriel Agreste's son isn't at home?
-Maybe he's already captured him!
You think he'd take it out on his own son?
-Uh...
-You cannot escape from me!
[evil laugh]
What if he has no pages left in this book?
But before I immortalise you, allow me
to seize your Miraculous for Hawk Moth!
-Cat Noir, I need ammunition!
-You need... what?
We are going to complete his collection!
-Very smart, milady! Quite ingenious!
-Less talking, more doing!
Cataclysm!
-Ready, Cat Noir?
-I'm always ready for you, milady!
Come on, come on.
No more ammo!
It's already full!
My book! No!
Miraculous Ladybug!
No more evildoing for you, little akuma.
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly!
Pound?
Are you OK, Fa... Sir?
Cat Noir? Ladybug? What happened to me?
You were akumatized by Hawk Moth.
But don't worry. It's over now.
Thank you. Thank you, both of you.
[gasps]
Adrien! Where is my son?
He must be hiding.
Cat Noir's right. Otherwise
he'd have reappeared right here.
Nothing must happen to him.
He's too precious to me.
We're about to transform back! Goodbye.
Don't worry, sir.
I'm sure your son is safe and sound.
See you very soon.
So, since Gabriel Agreste was akumatized,
he can't possibly be Hawk Moth, right?
That's very probable, but how
did you find out that Gabriel Agreste
was the owner of the spell book?
At first, I thought it belonged
to Gabriel Agreste's son, Adrien,
'cause I saw him with it at school,
before it was stolen by a girl
and before Tikki got it back.
And I'd only just met you, so
I didn't know if I could tell you that.
So, yeah.
You were afraid in case the one
you love turned out to be Hawk Moth.
What? Uh, no! Er, how did you know
that? I mean, I don't love him at all.
[nervous laugh]
Oh, all right! Yes! Adrien is amazing.
I couldn't stand the thought
of him being a supervillain!
You know, if we want to be
stronger than Hawk Moth,
we have to trust each other.
I know.
But now Adrien will never
come back to school
because I can't give him that book back!
I'll never, ever see him again!
[sobs]
There isn't a single problem
that can't be solved, Marinette.
These modern inventions
really are quite incredible. Hmm.
So, when Adrien put the book down and
walked away, I wanted to take a peek.
See, I thought it was a portfolio with
pictures of him, 'cause he's so cute!
Er, but you already knew that.
Anyway, um, when he came back,
I was scared he'd see me staring at it,
so I hid it in my backpack.
And I know it was a dumb thing to do.
I'm really, really sorry.
I see. So, you're one of his admirers?
Admirers, yeah, that's the word.
You won't say anything to him?
Will you let Adrien come back to school?
Well, considering he didn't lose my book,
as it was borrowed by you, yes, I will.
Thank you!
Can I ask you a question?
I flipped through the book
and it looked really awesome.
Those illustrations of legendary heroes
are super... inspiring.
-Where did you get it?
-I found it while on a trip overseas.
I've never seen another copy of it.
Well, then you're very lucky to own it.
That was really brave, what you just did.
Thanks. All that matters is for Adrien
to be allowed out of the house again.
I'm sorry I became so furious over a book.
I shouldn't have taken it without asking.
That book was the very last gift
your mother gave to me before...
before she disappeared. All I have left
of her is this book... and you.
But I know I can't keep the book,
or you, locked up forever.
Does that mean
you'll let me go back to school then?
Thank you, Father!
So, then, if you already had
a copy of the book,
why did you go through all that trouble?
I did what I had to do to keep my secret.
-Happy to see me again?
-At your service, Master!
Nooroo, dark wings rise!
Ladybug, Cat Noir!
You almost managed to find out who I am,
but now I am more above suspicion
than I've ever been.
As of today, nothing will prevent me
from getting your Miraculous,
and making my greatest wish come true!
All I need to do now
is wait for my next prey.